[19743] Domain graph & status layout documentation (#205)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-monitor: docs/rst/user_manual/chart_panel_index.rst

Main Panel
##########

> In the central panel, there is a tan section that allows multiple views, including a collapsed menu that reports the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the central panel, there is a tab section that allows multiple views, including a collapsed menu that reports the
```

> possible problems that have been detected on the DDS entities.

Author: @rsanchez15 thoughts?

> possible problems that have been detected on the DDS entities.

Author: After internal dicussion, problems is kept

> The main feature of the *Fast DDS Monitor* application is to graphically display the data that is being monitored in

Reviewer: Not sure if now we should say that it is the main feature.

Author: It was until now, in fact this line was copied from [previous version section](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-monitor/blob/02c46bee11c2cfd11eef58988a418d4c449a188e/docs/rst/user_manual/chart_panel_index.rst?plain=1#L11). I don't think the graph views are the new main feature

> the *Chartbox* or *Chart view*.

Reviewer: See review comments in Chartbox section from layout.rst. Here I would only use ChartView.

DDS entities have associated different types of data (so-called *DataKind*) that could be visualize by configuring
a chart.
For example, it can be displayed the mean, median and standard deviation latency between two machines (*Hosts*) running
*Fast DDS* applications for the period of two hours in intervals of ten minutes.

> There are other features to represent the detected entities graphically in a graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Fast DDS Monitor* can also show the detected entities in a graph.
```
